this video,
we'll cover step three of updating the spring boot app
with the new URL.
But first I want to go ahead
and view the web browser warnings,
actually want to check this URL,
and kind of see what's going on with this given endpoint.
So we see that our application is up
and running on https://localhost:4200.
So let's go ahead and visit that URL in our browser.
And then we see this scary screen,
like your connection is not private.
And the reason is that the main item here
is at the cert authority is invalid
because it's a self-signed cert.
But I can click on advanced and then scroll down a bit.
It says the server could not prove that it is localhost,
its certificate is not trusted,
mainly because it's a self-signed cert,
that's the real reason
that we're seeing these error messages.
No one else has been able to verify that
I am really localhost.
But this is for dev and demo purposes, we're okay.
But I can go ahead and say proceed to localhost
because we're aware of what's going on
and then we have this up.
Now, again, it says not secure
and we can select the link here
and it can give us more information about this.
And if we move down to the certificate invalid
and in zooming in here,
it says localhost, it's a self signed root certificate.
So that's the main issue.
And they'll even tell you here,
this a certificate has not been verified by a third party.
So we have encryption going on behind the scenes
and so forth,
it's simply they can't verify our given certificate.
But I can go ahead and look at some of the details here
and I will see that this is the information that we entered
when we use the open SSL command early
to generate this given self-signed certificate.
So for dev purposes, this is okay.
We're only being flagged because that's a self-signed cert,
but the data is being encrypted behind the scenes.
Now, we still have another little problem here,
there's no products, there's no categories.
Hmm, that's strange,
I wonder why we have this issue.
Okay, well, my spring boot app is not running.
Alright, let's go ahead and run our spring boot app
and we'll test this out and see if this works out for us.
Alright, so my spring boot app is up and running,
swing back over some our browser, do a reload
and hmm, nothing interesting.
If I go over here to my developer console cylinder tools,
developer tools, and take a look at what's going on here.
Ah, now I see it's blocked by CORS.
Okay, good.
So the spring boot app is blocking the request.
Same thing there, oh, that's right.
We need to do that other steps.
So step three of updating the spring boot app
with the new URL,
we need to tell spring boot about this new URL.
Previously, we were on a regular unsecure
http://localhosts,
now, we need to say https localhost to allow
origins to come in for this given application.
And we can do that by editing our spring boot props file,
so our application.properties file.
So I'll kind of zoom in here,
so allowed origin.
So notice here they're using the old URL http://
but we're no longer running on that,
we are now running using secure.
So we're using https.
So be sure to make this update here in this given file,
https:///localhost:4200.
All right, so that looks pretty good.
So let's go ahead and run our spring boot app one more time.
Swing that go with our browser and do a reload and success.
All right, so we have products and we also have categories.
This is great, I love it.
And the apps working as desired.
And notice here,
we didn't have to change any of our code,
but our data's being encrypted behind the scenes.
Now, don't worry about that not secure thing up top,
we are using https.
They're simply saying not secure
because they're using a self-signed cert,
but behind the scenes,
they are encrypting our data between the web browser
and the web server.
So this is great, I liked it
and I'm very happy with what we've accomplished so far.